gem5art: Edited the microbenchmark tutorial for clarity (#99)
darchr/gem5art: docs/tutorials/microbench-tutorial.md

                    'results/X86/run_micro/{}/{}/{}'.format(bm,cpu,mem),
                    gem5_binary,gem5_repo,experiments_repo,
                    cpu,mem,os.path.join('microbench',bm,'bench.X86'))

>                 run.run()

Reviewer: Do we want to show running a single experiment at a time (serially) like this, or the old way with celery?

It would be nice to decouple some of these things, but not required for this PR.

```

> Note that, in contrast to previous tutorials ([boot](boot-tutorial.md), [npb](npb-tutorial.md)), we are using createSERun here, as we want to run gem5 in SE mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that, in contrast to previous tutorials ([boot](boot-tutorial.md), [npb](npb-tutorial.md)), we are using createSERun this time, as we want to run gem5 in SE mode.
```

The details of the arguments needed by `createSERun()` can be found [here](../main-doc/run.html#gem5art.run.gem5Run.createSERun)).
The full launch script is available [here](https://github.com/darchr/gem5art/blob/master/docs/launch-scripts/launch_micro_tests.py).

Once you run this launch script (as shown below), your microbenchmark experiments will start running, which will simulate execution of microbenchmarks on different cpu and memory types.

```python
python launch_micro_tests.py
```

> Later, you can access the database to see the status of these jobs and further analyze the results of your microbenchmark experiments. Happy experimenting!

Reviewer: :)
